Long live my emperor long live
His Majesty the Crown Prince speaks
Harem not Dan Zheng
The queen is in power
Youwei Ancestral Training
discord with it
Who are you working for?
I'm Li Xiao.
I am a minister of His Majesty
You are mine
You brought out Taizu to suppress me?
I am greater than the world of filial piety with benevolence
The law of the ancestors is inevitable
Then you go ask Taizu
See if Taizu Yun allows me to reform
Your Majesty, what does this mean?
I mean you can go see your ancestors.
Someone take it off and cut it for me
Wen Jun killed the minister indiscriminately
Where is the truth
Li Jiang and Help
Lee will help
His Majesty killed loyal ministers indiscriminately
It's not what Mingjun did
The queen is your daughter
He's slapping you in the face by being disrespectful to the queen in public
I am trying to save face for you
Prime Minister
drag it down
Anyone else want to be banned?
Why does this stupid king seem to have changed someone today?
What about the Japanese envoy, Your Majesty?
We send troops 300,000 occupy Goliath
Chen Bing border of our country
Send me the land of Liaodong
Wolf ambition
How painful the invasion is
Play and Xiao Bang dares to offend me more than Tianwei
Hurry up and kill them
Your Majesty's treasury is now empty
The West is still in drought
Insufficient military
Gone with nothing
What's more, the ambassadors of many countries have already arrived in the capital
Chen advocates where to seek peace
What do you want me to talk to a country of projectiles?
Where is my face?
What is the face of heavy rain?
Announce them to come in and meet